When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A remote repository will be usefull when the project i am working on is a multi-programmer project,
where each one has a part he is responsible of. thus, each person publishes the part he is responsible
for, and the director merges those parts as he see fit.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

I would like manual control over pulls in case other contributers made suggestions not according to what i had in mind.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

forks - copies an existing github repository from another user into a new repository with the same name under my github profile.
clones - copies an existing repository be it local or remote(Github repo) into my machine.
branches - a new and independant version of a previous set of commits. stands alone from its original branch and allows 
           experimenting new features on it.
I will use forks when i dont have permission to modify the original repo. 
i will use clones when i edit advanced files and need to download them to my own machine.
i will use branching when i want to test new features to an existing project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It is very useful when one goes off line and wants to inspect suggested changes done in the remote before actually merging them
into his local version of the code. common examples involves working on a plane where no internet access is available.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I will use emil to notify colleagues and dropbox to share files. everything will be harder because those 
interfaces are not designed for social software development.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

i would want to use a new branch in 2 cases mainly:
     1. when trying out a new feature on my app.
     2. when wanting to make a puul request for an existing social project.
the benefits of branching are conceptual order regarding new features, and the ability to add those features via pull requests
to a bigger project.

