How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    by marking additions with + and deletions with - and numbering them accordingly.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    by dividing the process to logical programing steps and committing those steps,
    i can have a better understanding and control over the process. also, i can go 
    back to previous logical phases if the current commit proves to cause errors.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    a very big pro is the fact that I decide what is a logical increment and can commit it
    accordingly. cons is that i have to commit manualy and cant count on the program to do it 
    automatically.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    git allows multi-file commits because it understands the my program is constructed from 
    several files and not one. it treats all the associated files as one stage of the program for
    each commit, unlike non-computer programing version-control systems.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log presents all the commits that exist in the program's history.
    git diff will present changes done between one commit and the next commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    by providing me a safety net. if one logical step causes a massive error that is to resource consuming
    to fix, i can go back oe logical step, and try a different approach.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    what ever i will encounter in this course, and afterwards, for producing mobile apps while sharing my git repository 
    with other programers and using theirs as well.
